index.md, before:

---
layout: splash
classes: wide
title: "Eastern Massachusetts Backcountry Adventure Riding Collective "
header:  
  overlay_filter: "0.3"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/hero_map.jpg
  actions:
    - label: "View Routes"
      url: "/routes/"
    - label: "About"
      url: "/about/"
#author_profile: true
excerpt: "Geospatial Data Wrangling • Geospatial Analysis • Cartography • Health Geography Research"
intro: 
  - excerpt: >
      I am a **Geospatial Data Manager** and Cartographer at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health. 
      My work integrates **GIS, remote sensing, and spatial modeling** to advance research in environmental health, 
      spatial epidemiology, and medical geography. I develop analytical workflows for geospatial data in Python and R,
      build and maintain geospatial data systems,  and design visualizations that communicate spatial patterns across scales.
      In my free time, I like to make pretty maps, in particular for places I've been and adventures I've undertaken. 
feature_row:
  - image_path: /assets/images/project1.jpg
    alt: "National Environmental Exposure Mapping"
    title: "National Environmental Exposure Mapping"
    excerpt: "Development of fine-scale exposure datasets and geospatial data delivery systems for public health cohorts. Implemented with ArcGIS Enterprise, PostgreSQL, and Python parallel processing."
    url: "/projects/environmental-exposure/"
    btn_label: "View Project"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
  - image_path: /assets/images/project2.jpg
    alt: "Montana Geo-Enabled Elections"
    title: "Montana Geo-Enabled Elections"
    excerpt: "Statewide implementation of GIS-based election management and precinct digitization workflows. Automated with Python and ArcPy, published via ArcGIS Online."
    url: "/projects/geo-enabled-elections/"
    btn_label: "View Project"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
  - image_path: /assets/images/project3.jpg
    alt: "LiDAR Inventory and Visualization Platform"
    title: "LiDAR Inventory and Visualization Platform"
    excerpt: "Built and maintained a LiDAR metadata database and web-based visualization tools for Montana’s statewide LiDAR collections. Developed with Python, SQL, and Google Earth Engine."
    url: "/projects/lidar-platform/"
    btn_label: "View Project"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
---
{% include feature_row id="intro" type="center" %}

{% include feature_row %}

## About

My professional work has spanned ecological niche modeling, public health GIS, geospatial infrastructure development, and state geospatial data governance.
With academic training in **geography, biology/ecology, and spatial data science**, I have contributed to projects on **climate-health interactions,  vector-borne disease modeling, and spatial epidemiology**, 
and have co-authored several peer-reviewed studies on these topics.

My approach emphasizes **reproducibility, computational efficiency, and clear visual communication** of spatial data.  
I am particularly interested in how cartographic design and geospatial computation can jointly inform environmental and health policy.

[Read more →](/portfolio/about/)

---

## Technical Skills

**GIS & Remote Sensing:** ArcGIS Pro, ArcGIS Enterprise, ArcGIS Online, QGIS, Google Earth Engine  
**Programming & Analysis:** R, Python, SQL, PostgreSQL/PostGIS, JavaScript  
**Data Visualization:** Mapbox Studio, Leaflet, Tableau, Adobe Illustrator  
**Techniques:** Ecological niche modeling, point pattern analysis, machine learning/ensemble modeling, spatial statistics, cluster detection 
**Infrastructure:** Git/GitHub, RedCap, Linux HPC environments  

---

## Contact

Interested in collaboration or data visualization work?  
📧 **[willhkessler@gmail.com](mailto:willhkessler@gmail.com)**  
🔗 [GitHub](https://github.com/YOURUSERNAME)
· [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/YOURPROFILE)

Commit message:

Revise intro and feature projects for outdoor activities
Updated personal introduction and project features to include bikepacking and camping resources.

index.md, after:

---
layout: splash
classes: wide
title: "Eastern Massachusetts Backcountry Adventure Riding Collective "
header:  
  overlay_filter: "0.3"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/hero_map.jpg
  actions:
    - label: "View Routes"
      url: "/routes/"
    - label: "About"
      url: "/about/"
#author_profile: true
excerpt: "Geospatial Data Wrangling • Geospatial Analysis • Cartography • Health Geography Research"
intro: 
  - excerpt: >
     Put in a blurb about bikepacking and adventure cycling in Eastern MA here. 
feature_row:
  - image_path: /assets/images/project1.jpg
    alt: "Ride With GPS Route Collection"
    title: "Eastern MA Bikepacking Routes"
    excerpt: "There are hidden gems right out your back door"
    url: "/routes/"
    btn_label: "View Routes"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
  - image_path: /assets/images/project2.jpg
    alt: "Camping Resources Image"
    title: "New England Public Camping Resources"
    excerpt: "Camping in New England is difficult. Here is a collection of resources to find public camping options for self-contained travelers"
    url: "/projects/geo-enabled-elections/"
    btn_label: "View Resources"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
  - image_path: /assets/images/project3.jpg
    alt: "Advocacy Image"
    title: "Advocating for Outdoor resources in New England"
    excerpt: "The only way we can make cycling and camping more accessible is to ask."
    url: "/projects/lidar-platform/"
    btn_label: "How can I get Involved"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
---
{% include feature_row id="intro" type="center" %}

{% include feature_row %}

## About

My professional work has spanned ecological niche modeling, public health GIS, geospatial infrastructure development, and state geospatial data governance.
With academic training in **geography, biology/ecology, and spatial data science**, I have contributed to projects on **climate-health interactions,  vector-borne disease modeling, and spatial epidemiology**, 
and have co-authored several peer-reviewed studies on these topics.

My approach emphasizes **reproducibility, computational efficiency, and clear visual communication** of spatial data.  
I am particularly interested in how cartographic design and geospatial computation can jointly inform environmental and health policy.

[Read more →](/about/)

---

## Another subsection Here.



---

## Contact

Have feedback or are interested in getting involved? 
📧 **[willhkessler@gmail.com](mailto:willhkessler@gmail.com)**  
🔗 [GitHub](https://github.com/YOURUSERNAME)
· [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/YOURPROFILE)
